recruit_character = SOV_Nikolai_voznesensky
recruit_character = SOV_Kliment_voroshilov_advisor
recruit_character = SOV_Anatoly_pepelyayev
recruit_character = SOV_Lazar_kaganovich
recruit_character = SOV_Yevgeny_preobrazhensky
recruit_character = SOV_Genrikh_yagoda
recruit_character = SOV_Nikolay_yezhov
recruit_character = SOV_Lavrentiy_beria
recruit_character = SOV_Aleksey_rykov
recruit_character = SOV_Lev_kamenev
recruit_character = SOV_Nikolay_bukharin
recruit_character = SOV_Grigory_zinovyev
recruit_character = SOV_Mikhail_kalinin
recruit_character = SOV_Nikita_khrushchev
recruit_character = SOV_Leon_trotsky
recruit_character = SOV_Vasily_stalin
recruit_character = SOV_Yakov_agranov
recruit_character = SOV_Ivan_maisky
recruit_character = SOV_Vyacheslav_molotov
recruit_character = SOV_Maksim_litvinov
recruit_character = SOV_Ivan_smirnov
recruit_character = SOV_Ivar_smilga
recruit_character = SOV_Karl_radek
recruit_character = SOV_Aleksandr_shlyapnikov
recruit_character = SOV_Mikhail_tomsky
recruit_character = SOV_Grigory_sokolnikov
recruit_character = SOV_Raya_dunayevskaya
recruit_character = SOV_Joseph_stalin
recruit_character = SOV_Supreme_soviet_soviet_union
recruit_character = SOV_Empty_supreme_soviet_soviet_union
recruit_character = SOV_Alexander_kerensky
recruit_character = SOV_Pavel_milyukov
recruit_character = SOV_Alexander_konovalov
recruit_character = SOV_Ivan_nikolaevich
recruit_character = SOV_Andrey_vlasov
recruit_character = SOV_Kirill_vladimirovich
recruit_character = SOV_Vladimir_kirillovich
recruit_character = SOV_Vladimir_kirillovich_democratic_political_advisor
recruit_character = SOV_Peter_krutitsy
recruit_character = SOV_Vladimir_nabokov
recruit_character = SOV_Konstantin_rodzaevsky
recruit_character = SOV_Anastasy_vonsyatsky
recruit_character = SOV_Viktor_baydalakov
recruit_character = SOV_Vsevolod_mikhailovich_eikhenbaum
recruit_character = SOV_Peter_arshinov
recruit_character = SOV_Alexei_borovoi
recruit_character = SOV_Peoples_council_commune
recruit_character = SOV_Council_of_moscow
recruit_character = SOV_Vsevolod_merkulov
recruit_character = SOV_Anton_ivanovich_denikin
recruit_character = SOV_Vladimir_kislitsin
recruit_character = SOV_Vladimir_sidorin
recruit_character = SOV_Boris_shteifon
recruit_character = SOV_Vladimir_kirillovich_democratic_military_advisor
recruit_character = SOV_Semyon_timoshenko
recruit_character = SOV_Kliment_voroshilov_military
recruit_character = SOV_Alexander_yegorov
recruit_character = SOV_Vasily_blyukher
recruit_character = SOV_Supreme_military_council
recruit_character = SOV_Pyotr_smirnov
recruit_character = SOV_Mikhail_frinovsky
recruit_character = SOV_Nikolay_kuznetsov
recruit_character = SOV_Ivan_yumashev
recruit_character = SOV_Submarine_council
recruit_character = SOV_Carrier_council
recruit_character = SOV_Battleship_council
recruit_character = SOV_Naval_invasion_council
recruit_character = SOV_Alexander_novikov
recruit_character = SOV_Konstantin_vershinin
recruit_character = SOV_Yakov_smushkevich
recruit_character = SOV_Pavel_rychagov
recruit_character = SOV_Bombardment_council
recruit_character = SOV_Fighter_council
recruit_character = SOV_Pilot_training_council
recruit_character = SOV_Alexander_rodzyanko
recruit_character = SOV_Pavel_bermondt_avalov
recruit_character = SOV_Pyotr_Nikolayevich_Krasnov
recruit_character = SOV_Andrei_shkuro
recruit_character = SOV_Ivan_konev
recruit_character = SOV_Aleksandr_vasilevsky
recruit_character = SOV_Konstantin_rokossovsky
recruit_character = SOV_Pavel_zhigarev
recruit_character = SOV_Sergei_khudyakov
recruit_character = SOV_Stepan_krasovsky
recruit_character = SOV_Vladimir_kasatonov
recruit_character = SOV_Gordey_levchenko
recruit_character = SOV_Arseniy_golovko
recruit_character = SOV_Army_infantry_warfare_council
recruit_character = SOV_Army_armor_warfare_council
recruit_character = SOV_Army_drill_council
recruit_character = SOV_Logistic_council
recruit_character = SOV_Organization_council
recruit_character = SOV_Mikhail_tukhachevsky
recruit_character = SOV_Boris_shaposhnikov
recruit_character = SOV_Georgy_zhukov
recruit_character = SOV_Yevgeny_miller
recruit_character = SOV_Viktorin_molchanov
recruit_character = SOV_Sergey_gorshkov
recruit_character = SOV_Vladimir_tributs
recruit_character = SOV_Sergei_rudenko
recruit_character = SOV_Alexander_golovanov
recruit_character = SOV_Igor_kurchatov
recruit_character = SOV_Sergei_korolev
recruit_character = SOV_All_warfare_theorist_council
recruit_character = SOV_Ivan_kononov
recruit_character = SOV_Nikolai_vatutin
recruit_character = SOV_Semyon_budyonny
recruit_character = SOV_Ivan_chernyakhovsky
recruit_character = SOV_Issa_pliyev
recruit_character = SOV_Leonid_govorov
recruit_character = SOV_Grigory_kulik
recruit_character = SOV_Kirill_meretskov
recruit_character = SOV_Filipp_golikov
recruit_character = SOV_Andrey_yeryomenko
recruit_character = SOV_Georgiy_zakharov
recruit_character = SOV_Yakov_cherevichenko
recruit_character = SOV_Nikandr_chibisov
recruit_character = SOV_Vasily_kuznetsov
recruit_character = SOV_Ivan_fedyuninsky
recruit_character = SOV_Maksim_purkayev
recruit_character = SOV_Kuzma_galitsky
recruit_character = SOV_Markian_popov
recruit_character = SOV_Nikolai_berzarin
recruit_character = SOV_Alexander_gorbatov
recruit_character = SOV_Kirill_moskalenko
recruit_character = SOV_Dmitry_lelyushenko
recruit_character = SOV_Andrei_grechko
recruit_character = SOV_Rodion_malinovsky
recruit_character = SOV_Vasily_chuikov
recruit_character = SOV_Filipp_oktyabrskiy
recruit_character = SOV_Popov_pyotr_kharitonovich
recruit_character = SOV_Tolstov_vladimir_sergeevich
recruit_character = SOV_Pisarev_pyotr_konstantinovich
recruit_character = SOV_Abram_dragomirov
recruit_character = SOV_Mikhail_diterikhs
recruit_character = SOV_Alexander_golubintzev
recruit_character = SOV_Grigory_mikhaylovich_semyonov
recruit_character = SOV_Mikhail_skorodumov
recruit_character = SOV_Konstantin_petrovich_nechaev
recruit_character = SOV_Mikhail_pleshkov
recruit_character = SOV_Anton_turkul
recruit_character = SOV_Isaac_bykadorov
recruit_character = SOV_Vyacheslav_naumenko
recruit_character = SOV_Fedor_abramov
recruit_character = SOV_Bronislaw_kaminski
recruit_character = SOV_Vladimir_marushevsky
recruit_character = SOV_Vladimir_kharzhevsky
recruit_character = SOV_Pavel_shatilov
recruit_character = SOV_Pyotr_vladimirovich_glazenap
recruit_character = SOV_Alexander_lukomsky
recruit_character = SOV_Military_council_ukraine
recruit_character = SOV_Military_council_belarus
recruit_character = SOV_Military_council_urals
recruit_character = SOV_Military_council_siberia
recruit_character = SOV_Military_council_artic
recruit_character = SOV_Military_council_steppe_kuban
recruit_character = SOV_Military_council_western_siberia
